#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.8
    # via requests
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
gensim==4.1.2
    # via stellargraph
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.42.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.6.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via markdown
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
libclang==12.0.0
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   stellargraph
networkx==2.6.3
    # via stellargraph
numpy==1.18.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gensim
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   stellargraph
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
pandas==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   stellargraph
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2020.1
    # via pandas
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.1
    # via
    #   sklearn
    #   stellargraph
scipy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   gensim
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   stellargraph
seaborn==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   cycler
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
sklearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via gensim
stellargraph==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stellargraph
tensorflow-estimator==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.22.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.6.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
